

# PREVENT and Restore

## Application Purpose:
This project's aim is to create a website for a user to provide an introduction to the PREVENT strategy. It will include advice on howto recognise signs of radicalization, and how to report concerns. It is to be presented in a simple, easy to navigate format. 

## User Value
The project will meet the client's needs in presenting clear information on the Prevent strategy. It will act as a first introduction to the topic and principles. It will provide guidance on recognising signs of radicalization. It will provide information and contact details for how users can seek further help. It will provide information and links to 3rd party sites which can provide more detail and specific information to the users. 

## Must Have User Stories
As a site owner, I want to display basic information on Prevent clearly and easily.
Acceptance Criteria: Content is visible and no elements broken 
As a user, I want to find easy to digest information on Prevent so I can learn what it entails.
Acceptance Criteria: content is visible and useful material is present. Content can be interacted with to understand it better. 

## Should Have User Stories
As a user, I want to find contact information to reach out to someone who can help me if I have  concern. 

### Acceptance criteria
The information about Prevent is clearly visible and easy to access and understand.
The site branding does not distract from the information.
The users are directed to where they can find futher information

### List of tasks needed to accomplish
Set up index.html to hold the basic info on home page
Set up contact/further info page to hold links

## 2 Wireframe Structure

Developed layout approach for project. Home Page, Signs/Info on Radicalization page, Resources/Contact page outlined. Goal is to ensure responsive design.
Fonts and color scheme not yet decided

## 3 Document Setup
Github project and user tasks set up. 

## AI Tool Usage
ChatGPT used to bug test and build a better idea of why certain code aspects were not working. No code generated by ChatGPT has been used in the project -- used as a knowledge reference only. 

# Features Implementation
## Feature 1
Video and info column display

## Feature Two
Click and reveal info tiles in signs.html


# Testing
Major bug testing of signs.html, multiple versions worked on. Implemented details/summary elements at first, but unattractive. 
Currently, radio button style is set. Testing led to correct sizing of elements for responsive design, and feedback for hover, etc 

# Attribution
https://actearly.uk/radicalisation/what-is-it/ 

Provided majority of information and resources for content. Content online has been written in developer's language after processing.

ChatGPT
Provided some summary of content as launching point. 